docs: add Nimble setup to Wii U install doc (#271)
PretendoNetwork/website: docs/en_US/install/wiiu.md

<img src="/assets/images/docs/install/wiiu/aroma/inkay-nightly-link.png" width="100%">

## Nimble

> Nimble is a Aroma plugin that redirects the PolicyList to Pretendo. Download the latest version from [Nimble's latest release](https://github.com/PretendoNetwork/Nimble/releases/latest) on GitHub and download the `30_nimble.rpx` file from the GitHub page.

Reviewer: Corrects what Nimbus is (it's not a plugin) and explains what it's used for a bit better

```suggestion
Nimble is an Aroma setup module that patches the request for the system `PolicyList`. This is used to enable background tasks for features such as Wara Wara Plaza. This is separate from the main Inkay patches as the `PolicyList` is downloaded earlier in the system boot process than Inkay has control over.

Navigate to [the latest release](https://github.com/PretendoNetwork/Nimble/releases/latest) on GitHub and download the  `30_nimble.rpx` file.
```

<img src="/assets/images/docs/install/wiiu/aroma/nimbus-install.png" width="100%">

## Installation
Place the downloaded `Inkay-pretendo.wps` file on your SD card at `sd:/wiiu/environments/aroma/plugins`. It's normal for other Aroma plugins to be in this folder too.

<img src="/assets/images/docs/install/wiiu/aroma/sd-card.png" width="100%">

> Place the file `30_nimble.rpx` on your SD card inside the folder called `sd:/wiiu/environments/aroma/modules/setup`. 

Reviewer: Makes this match the wording of the above steps

```suggestion
Place the downloaded `30_nimble.rpx` file on your SD card at `sd:/wiiu/environments/aroma/modules/setup`. It's normal for other Aroma setup modules to be in this folder too.
```

<img src="/assets/images/docs/install/wiiu/pnid/nimbus-sd.png" width="100%">

> 
> Turn on your console.
> 

Reviewer: This is said already on the very next line

```suggestion
```

Place your SD card back into your console and boot like normal. You should see a notification of your connection:

<img src="/assets/images/docs/install/wiiu/aroma/working-notification.jpg" width="100%">

You are now connected to Pretendo Network.

Press the button combo `L + Down + SELECT` on the Wii U GamePad to open the Aroma plugin menu.

<img src="/assets/images/docs/install/wiiu/pnid/aroma-plugins-list.jpg" width="100%">

> Choose the plugin 'Inkay', then click A on 'BOSS settings' inside of Inkay, then click A on 'Unregister Wara Wara Plaza BOSS tasks' after that restart your console fully.

Reviewer 2: I don't blame you for not knowing this, but the bleeding-edge version of Inkay has actually changed these texts to be less technical and confusing.
It now says "Other settings" and "Reset Wara Wara Plaza". That's only in bleeding-edge though, not latest - @jonbarrow thoughts?

https://github.com/PretendoNetwork/Inkay/commit/216942cb64400a2140cbd8ed9c0bee2e8e7a2495#diff-6b2f0a449fdefd8930e23ef0dcd752beec69242e1303d77653f047c5e0766385R133

Reviewer 3: Should I make it temporarily like 'Reset Wara Wara Plaza' OR 'Unregister Wara Wara Plaza BOSS tasks', etc?

Reviewer 3: > Should I make it temporarily like 'Reset Wara Wara Plaza' OR 'Unregister Wara Wara Plaza BOSS tasks', etc?

Ah crap, on my alt, whoops!

Reviewer 2: Ehhh, I guess leave it - we only just pushed Inkay v2.4 out so it'll be a bit before we do another release (unless something comes up)

Author: > Ehhh, I guess leave it - we only just pushed Inkay v2.4 out so it'll be a bit before we do another release (unless something comes up)

Just saw this tight after i pushed out the commit lol, will revert it

Author: Reverted.

<img src="/assets/images/docs/install/wiiu/aroma/inkay-nightly-link.png" width="100%">

## Nimble

> Nimble is a Aroma plugin that allows your console to recive Spotpass data again. Download the latest version from [Nimble's latest release](https://github.com/PretendoNetwork/Nimble/releases/latest) on GitHub and download the `30_nimble.rpx` file from the latest release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nimble is a Aroma plugin that allows your console to recive SpotPass data again. Download the latest version from [Nimble's latest release](https://github.com/PretendoNetwork/Nimble/releases/latest) on GitHub and download the `30_nimble.rpx` file from the latest release.
```

Also this is a runon sentence. Can probably be paced better

Also Nimble is used for the policy list, not BOSS in general? BOSS content in games in general should still be working even without Nimble. @ashquarky Can you confirm this? Did Nintendo's shutdown somehow break BOSS content downloads in games?

Also CC @DaniElectra and @shutterbug2000 for input as well

Maybe we should look into trying to bundle Nimble into Inkay in this case? Nimble being separate made sense before when WWP was the only thing it really helped with, and not everyone cared about that, but if it's required for BOSS in general now that's a bigger issue

<img src="/assets/images/docs/install/wiiu/aroma/sd-card.png" width="100%">

Place the downloaded `30_nimble.rpx` file on your SD card at `sd:/wiiu/environments/aroma/modules/setup`. It's normal for other Aroma modules to be in this folder too.

Place your SD card back into your console and boot like normal. You should see a notification of your connection:

<img src="/assets/images/docs/install/wiiu/aroma/working-notification.jpg" width="100%">

You are now connected to Pretendo Network.

## After you set up your PNID on your Wii U.
Shut off your console, and put the SD Card into your PC.

Place the downloaded `30_nimble.rpx` file on your SD card at `sd:/wiiu/environments/aroma/modules/setup`. It's normal for other Aroma modules to be in this folder too.

<img src="/assets/images/docs/install/wiiu/pnid/nimbus-sd.png" width="100%">

Turn on your console

Press `L + Down + SELECT` on the Wii U GamePad to open the Aroma plugin menu.

<img src="/assets/images/docs/install/wiiu/pnid/aroma-plugins-list.jpg" width="100%">

Select 'Inkay', then choose BOSS settings, then click 'Unregister Wara Wara Plaza BOSS tasks'

Restart your console.

> 

Reviewer: You duplicated a lot of this information in various places, I feel like this could be structured differently?

Reviewer 4: Thanks for the feedback, I'll try and fix some stuff up.

<img src="/assets/images/docs/install/wiiu/aroma/inkay-nightly-link.png" width="100%">

## Nimble

> Nimble is a Aroma plugin that redirects the PolicyList servers to Pretendo's servers. This makes certain games (such as Splatoon) work with online play. Download the latest version from [Nimble's latest release](https://github.com/PretendoNetwork/Nimble/releases/latest) on GitHub and download the `30_nimble.rpx` file from the GitHub page.

Reviewer: My previous comment on this may have been confusing. Games like Splatoon download their content through BOSS (SpotPass). Inkay already contains patches for BOSS, so those games should already be covered.

Nimble specifically patches the policy list. This is not on it's own server, it is also part of the BOSS server. But the reason it's in its own patch is because the console downloads the policy list too early in the boot process for Inkay to handle it. This is then used by tasks like Wara Wara Plaza to download content at system boot.

This is why I tagged @ashquarky, @DaniElectra and @shutterbug2000 for opinions before with regards to merging the patches and to confirm if the Nintendo shut down affected things on our end in unexpected ways. Please do not mark this as resolved until that has been discussed

Author: Alright, let me know on any updates you get.

Reviewer 2: I'm not aware of any shutdown-related breakage other than the policylist being all suspended now, which Nimble fixes. I was under the impression some games (like Splatoon) actually use the policylist though? Either way we need Nimble now.

Nimble needs to be a separate file for boring technical reasons (Aroma plugins run too *late* in the boot process) but we could certainly offer a zip with everything already arranged in it, like aroma.foryour.cafe does.

Reviewer: > I'm not aware of any shutdown-related breakage other than the policylist being all suspended now, which Nimble fixes. I was under the impression some games (like Splatoon) actually use the policylist though? Either way we need Nimble now.
> 
> 
> 
> Nimble needs to be a separate file for boring technical reasons (Aroma plugins run too *late* in the boot process) but we could certainly offer a zip with everything already arranged in it, like aroma.foryour.cafe does.

I know it needs to be separate, but any chance they could be built at the same time from the same repo? Or would trying to merge them be too much. It's been a while since I've looked at the Nimble repo

Reviewer 2: They could be folders in the same repo I suppose, there's not really any overlap code-wise since Inkay is WUPS and Nimble is basically a normal homebrew app

I assume you want this so that we have one GitHub release?

Reviewer: > They could be folders in the same repo I suppose, there's not really any overlap code-wise since Inkay is WUPS and Nimble is basically a normal homebrew app
> 
> 
> 
> I assume you want this so that we have one GitHub release?

Yeah that would be the goal. But if it's not feasible that's 100% fine. An installer would solve these issues too

	A Pretendo Network ID may not use the same username as an account already linked to your Wii U! If you have any existing Nintendo Network IDs on your Wii U which share the username you wish to use, those accounts MUST be removed from your console first.
</div>

## After you set up your Pretendo Network ID on your Wii U.
Shut off your console, and put the SD Card into your machine.

Place the downloaded `30_nimble.rpx` file on your SD card at `sd:/wiiu/environments/aroma/modules/setup`. 

<img src="/assets/images/docs/install/wiiu/pnid/nimbus-sd.png" width="100%">

Turn on your console.

After your console has booted up, press the button combo `L + Down + SELECT` on the Wii U GamePad to open the Aroma plugin menu.

<img src="/assets/images/docs/install/wiiu/pnid/aroma-plugins-list.jpg" width="100%">

Choose the plugin 'Inkay', then click A on 'BOSS settings' inside of Inkay, then click A on 'Unregister Wara Wara Plaza BOSS tasks' after that restart your console fully.

> 

Reviewer: This would probably be better placed before PNID setup. It feels odd putting this additional patch guide in the middle of the account setup steps, especially since it doesn't really have much to do with the account

Reviewer 4: Thanks for the advice, will change up a few things soon when I have time. Very much appreciated.

Author: I changed it so its a part of the installation process do you think that's good or should I still make it its own separate thing?
